# Ricardo's Personal Website

This repository contains my personal website. It's made with Jekyll, Webpack, Vue, ZURB Foundation and Docker.

- Jekyll provides a way to transform Markdown files to HTML.
- Webpack makes it possible to implement the latest ES (formerly JavaScript) versions, extract the required components from Foundation, use Vue components, and to optimize and minimize the whole bundle.

## Running inside Docker

**BUILD &amp; SERVE**

To build and serve my website, I recommend using Docker and Docker Compose - as this prevents you from having to install and configure a lot of things. If you haven't used Docker before, please read the [Docker installation instructions](./docs/Install-Docker.md) first as found in `docs/Install-Docker.md`.

Already familiar with Docker and Docker Compose? Well just use...

```sh
docker compose up --build
```

After a while, visit http://localhost:4000/. You're good to go.

**REMOVAL**

```sh
docker compose down
```



## Running without Docker

Don't want to use Docker and prefer to use local installation? Okay. Here are the instructions.

**INSTALL**

```sh
npm install
sudo gem install jekyll bundler
sudo gem update --system
bundle install --path vendor/bundle
```

**DEV**

- Builds the website and runs a development server

```sh
npm run dev
```

**BUILD**

- Builds the website (into `dist/`)

```sh
npm run build
```
**SERVE**

- Serves `dist/`

```sh
npm run serve
```

**BUILD & SERVE**

- Builds and serves

```sh
npm run build:serve
```

**CLEANUP**

- Cleans up `node_modules/`, files generated by webpack (`src/assets/webpack/`), and `dist/`.

```sh
npm run cleanup
```

**RESET**

- Runs `npm cleanup` and `npm install`

```sh
npm run reset
```



## Further reading

- http://stackoverflow.com/questions/31933359/using-react-in-a-multi-page-app
- https://www.jonathan-petitcolas.com/2016/08/12/plugging-webpack-to-jekyll-powered-pages.html
